com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.RemoteConfigRegistrar
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.NaturalLanguageTranslateRegistrar
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$6
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat
androidx.lifecycle.LiveData$LifecycleBoundObserver
com.example.koreankeyboard.MainActivity
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView
com.example.koreankeyboard.SettingsActivity
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer$1
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup
com.example.koreankeyboard.services.CustomInputMethodService
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitInitProvider
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$5
androidx.lifecycle.CompositeGeneratedAdaptersObserver
com.example.koreankeyboard.AllDoneActivity
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitComponentDiscoveryService
com.example.koreankeyboard.EnableKeyboardActivity
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior
androidx.activity.ImmLeaksCleaner
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory
androidx.lifecycle.ReflectiveGenericLifecycleObserver
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$FragmentMaxLifecycleEnforcer$3
com.example.koreankeyboard.ThemesActivity
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable
androidx.transition.FragmentTransitionSupport
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$3
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
androidx.lifecycle.FullLifecycleObserverAdapter
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.example.koreankeyboard.HowToUseActivity
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CustomKeyboardView
androidx.lifecycle.SingleGeneratedAdapterObserver
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$LifecycleOnBackPressedCancellable
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
com.example.koreankeyboard.MicPermissionActivity
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$2
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$5
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
androidx.savedstate.SavedStateRegistry$1
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment$5
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.internal.TranslateJni
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultRegistry$1
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageActivity
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycling$1
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior
com.google.android.gms.common.data.DataHolder
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.TranslatorImpl
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
androidx.annotation.Keep
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.CommonComponentRegistrar
androidx.savedstate.Recreator
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior
com.example.koreankeyboard.SplashScreenActivity
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$4
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController$1
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzda: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzda zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdi zzY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.ExperimentTokens: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzew: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: int zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhi zzag
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzda: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp: float zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zab: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafv: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzde zzW
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkk: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: boolean zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzey: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzey zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhg zzP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcg: int zzjq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzdz zzbg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfe: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: boolean zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaff: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaff zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcg$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzby zzjv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzes: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzes zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjs: float zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcs zzU
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzku: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeh: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzci: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzdz zzbg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzje: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzin: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzd zztx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhi zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzci zzR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: long zzi
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzli: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdi zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeo: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabc: java.util.Map zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzda zzV
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzin zzah
com.google.android.material.datepicker.Month: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjw zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl: int zzb
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeo: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjz: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdm: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu zzO
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzje: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzje zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: byte zzak
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgx: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzes: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzci: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl: boolean zzf
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfs zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: long zzj
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ConnectionTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzda: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: byte zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.Feature: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzju: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjs zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: long zzk
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb: long zzbit
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zas: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafv: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs: int zzbfb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzji: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfc: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz: float zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzji zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzadl zzc
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.RootTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfc zzK
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzd: int zzbb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk: float zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfg zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgx: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzey: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgx zzaf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfa: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzju: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzju zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpb zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzd: int zztu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzci: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzci zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: int zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzku: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfe: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfe zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce zzaj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeu zzF
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzey: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafk: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzaa
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzis: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzr: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafz zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzes zzG
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzln: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzin: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmm: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhg: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeq zzj
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlf: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzde: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafv: float zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhp zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdi: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcm zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zak: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: int zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzde: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjs: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzas: int zzex
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdq zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: boolean zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzey zzI
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzma: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjs: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaff: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpb zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhi: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzju: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzil: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafy: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfs: boolean zzf
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: boolean zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzil: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfs: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb: long zzbiu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafb zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: boolean zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcm: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjs zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeq: boolean zzg
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_STOP
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: int zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb: java.lang.String zzbis
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk zze
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: boolean zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzma: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzma zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzda: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlf zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhi: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhi: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzdz zzbg
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafb: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: float zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzku: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzew: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzew zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfa: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafh zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeo: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcg: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzey zzjp
com.google.android.material.datepicker.DateValidatorPointForward: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.common.data.DataHolder: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhp: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeh zzD
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzew: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafh: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeo: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza zzbir
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafk zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzes: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpb zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcl zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafq: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzln: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfe: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: long zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafb: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeo zzf
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu: float zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzil zzai
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzis: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmm zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzes: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfe: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzin: int zzf
com.google.android.material.datepicker.CalendarConstraints: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzci: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzis: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzis zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk: float zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq zzal
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzds zzM
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi zzab
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzas: boolean zzey
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcw: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.clearcut.zzc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzd: java.lang.String zztw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcs: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb: int zzya
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhg: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzis: float zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg zzw
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: boolean zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgx zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzji: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzji zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafh: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzln: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeo: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaaz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaau zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafy: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafl zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhp: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhg: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif: boolean zzg
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimeModel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzil: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzil zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzln: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzln zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfa zzJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzes: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: int zze
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeo zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeq zzC
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeg: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx zzN
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzd: java.lang.String zztv
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzds: int zze
androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$7: androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$ViewBounds mViewBounds
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeg zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeq zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzli: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzli zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeo zzE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlf: float zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcn zzbiq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef zzae
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcw: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzis: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeg zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
androidx.customview.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgx: int zzg
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: java.lang.ClassLoader sClassLoader
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_PAUSE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeo: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeo zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzli: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs: int zzbb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjw zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe zzac
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafq zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafy: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zam: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzje: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzl
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzew: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcs zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfm zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zar: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzli: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzdz zzbg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: float zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjz zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjg: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeo: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzis: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: long zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabc: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzds: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzds zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmm: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif: boolean zzf
com.google.android.material.stateful.ExtendableSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls zzB
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafl zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzli zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfa: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdq zzX
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzey: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcw zzh
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_DESTROY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzju zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafb zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeq zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: boolean zzp
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: boolean zzo
com.google.android.gms.clearcut.zze: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$LaunchedFragmentInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeo: int zzf
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_RESUME
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfg: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmm zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdm zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzew zzH
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImage$ActivityResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcw zzT
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjk zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdm zzZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: boolean zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafh: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfc zzh
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3 this$1
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzew: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzde: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafd: long zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfe zzL
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdi: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzch zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlg: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzda: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz zze
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult$zaa mResultGuardian
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs: int zzbfa
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdl zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzde: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzde zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzji: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfq zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcs: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzku zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafk: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhp zzad
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb zzbiv
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfc: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzin: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzin zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjn: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzku: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzku zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzci: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafz: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcs: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeu: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafk: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcm zzS
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcv: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkk zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeu zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafk: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs zzbfc
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfm: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpm: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk: float zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafy: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzil: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzey: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjw: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhk: float zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfs: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcg: java.util.Map zzjr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeh zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhe: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzma: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzma: int zzb
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_CREATE
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdd: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfg zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdp: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkk zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzif: boolean zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaez: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafy: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafy zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzds: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafh zzf
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfs: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzji: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjp zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx zzA
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzku: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzje zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeo: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaeo zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: boolean zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfs zzQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdx zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaei: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzgw$zza$zzb: int zzbb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfa: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks: int zzb
androidx.customview.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper: int mHoveredVirtualViewId
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzls: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmi: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjx: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdq: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzig zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzzt: int zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzde: int zzb
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzjz zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzli: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzln zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzki zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafz: byte zzh
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_START
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfn: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzdh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzks zzh
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzic: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabh zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: float zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfe: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzke: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhu: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzce: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabi zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzef: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafq: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafq zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhg zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkz: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabj zzb
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_ANY
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmk: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfa: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfa zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzem zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgz: boolean zzj
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafz: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgo: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafz zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafk: java.lang.String zzg
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerHorizontal(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeTextType()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatViewInflater: AppCompatViewInflater()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzadz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzadz[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: CctBackendFactory()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getEndIconDrawable()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean isRound()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabTranslationX()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafu[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.DesignTool getDesignTool()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setDrawDisappearingViewsLast(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Constraints: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet getConstraintSet()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStartIconDrawable()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setTextDelegate(com.airbnb.lottie.TextDelegate)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeb: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzeb[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzv$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzv$zzb[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingHorizontal()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevation(float)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCustomSize(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode: okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(int)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabCradleRoundedCornerRadius()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipDrawable()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerVertical(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionHelper: void setProgress(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconView()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationZ(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate getAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundMode()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: int getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag[] values()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getSpeed()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getEndState()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setType(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzfz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzfz[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: void setContentId(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getAnimationMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextStartPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void addOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineEnd(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTintResource(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzbl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzbl[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getScale()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShouldDrawSurfaceColorStroke(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPadding(float)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.Bitmap getCroppedImage()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomStart()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setAspectRatioX(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinAndMaxFrame(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getProgress()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzael: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzael[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageLevel(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipEndPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhy: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhy[] values()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setOnHide(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType[] values()
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setIdleStateAmplitudeInDp(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setMaxLines(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setCropWindowChangeListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView$CropWindowChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxLines(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void saveAttributeDataForStyleable(android.view.View,android.content.Context,int[],android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setFocusedByDefault(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZ(float)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: float[] getCropPoints()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOnConstraintsChanged(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintsChangedListener)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidthFocused()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.internal.TranslateJni: java.lang.Exception newLoadingException(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView$OnCheckedChangeListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void requestFitSystemWindows(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs$zzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs$zzb[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPrefixText()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzge: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzge[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconSize(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinWidth()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFallbackResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CustomKeyboardView: void setMinimumHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setPressed(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean isLayoutSuppressed()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver,android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalLayoutListener)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setSnapRadius(float)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setCropWindowRect(android.graphics.RectF)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressed(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setGuidelines(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnSetCropOverlayMovedListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetCropOverlayMovedListener)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void loadReflectionField()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: ChipGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment: SupportErrorDialogFragment()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: float getTargetElevation()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: java.util.ArrayList getDefinedTransitions()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setElevation(float)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setDebugMode(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMaxFrame(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setOnShow(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
com.example.koreankeyboard.MicPermissionActivity: MicPermissionActivity()
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CustomKeyboardView: void setCustomInputMethodService(com.example.koreankeyboard.services.CustomInputMethodService)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getCollapseContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipCornerRadius()
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setSingleColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
androidx.lifecycle.ViewModel: ViewModel()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationX(float)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setProgress(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzay: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzay[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipStrokeColor()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzld: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzld[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: int getCollapsedSize()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setExpanded(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getItemDecorationCount()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: Barrier(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getErrorIconDrawable()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector[] values()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setCircularRevealOverlayDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabAnimationMode(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSuffixTextColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setSubtitleCentered(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.core.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setCompositionTask(com.airbnb.lottie.LottieTask)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void addKeyboardNavigationClusters(android.view.View,java.util.Collection,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setFlexWrap(int)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetTop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setAllowsGoneWidget(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: boolean getAllowsGoneWidget()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardElevation(float)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getHintCollapsedTextHeight()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setRevealInfo(com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setZ(android.view.View,float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintResource(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSize(float)
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setSpacingInDp(int)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar: MaterialCalendar()
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.internal.TranslateJni: byte[] nativeTranslate(long,byte[])
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getBackgroundOverlayColorAlpha()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionState(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferencedIds(int[])
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfx: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfx[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getZ(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCheckedChangeListenerInternal(android.widget.CompoundButton$OnCheckedChangeListener)
com.example.koreankeyboard.ThemesActivity: ThemesActivity()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CandidateView: com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView getVoiceAnimView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.internal.TranslateJni: long nativeInit(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getTopInset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipBackgroundColor()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.textfield.EndIconDelegate getEndIconDelegate()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHelperTextCurrentTextColor()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: android.view.WindowInsets createWindowInsetsInstance()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: AppCompatCheckBox(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider: InitializationProvider()
com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.model.BaseModel: com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.model.BaseModel[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: ConstraintHelper(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment: DialogFragment()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckableResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setGuidelines(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipDrawable(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipDrawable)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzuu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzuu[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhn[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkd[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setInteractionEnabled(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: int getRepeatCount()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentBackground()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnLayoutChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.text.Editable getText()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setFlippedVertically(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLastBaselineToBottomHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setExpandedHintEnabled(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setRepeatCount(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaex: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaex[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getRowCount()
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CustomKeyboardView: com.example.koreankeyboard.services.CustomInputMethodService getCustomInputMethodService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setRepeatMode(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForTextView(android.view.DragEvent,android.widget.TextView,android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getRightInset()
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.internal.TranslateJni: void nativeDestroy(long)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidth(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token: com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getErrorContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadiusResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification: com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
com.example.koreankeyboard.SettingsActivity: SettingsActivity()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api30Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setFixedAspectRatio(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStrokeWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlv[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStartPadding()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setupButtonChild(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconMarginResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.VirtualLayout: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcd: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcd[] values()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: int getMaxZoom()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtendMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: void setTextInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getActionTextColorAlpha()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingVertical()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setScaleY(float)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCradleRoundedCornerRadius(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: com.airbnb.lottie.PerformanceTracker getPerformanceTracker()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: long getDuration()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getMargin()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getChipText()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getVisibleButtonCount()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafp: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzafp[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: java.util.List getSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer: EmojiCompatInitializer()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcq: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcq[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzgk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzgk[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconGravity(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.util.Pair getAspectRatio()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getType()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionHelper: float getProgress()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontalResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinProgress(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setScaleType(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult: okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForegroundColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationY(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBaseline()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void callCompatInsetAnimationCallback(android.view.WindowInsets,android.view.View)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void suppressLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker: MaterialTextInputPicker()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getCurrentState()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeight(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.SharedValues getSharedValues()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEllipsize(android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setClickable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setAspectRatioY(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButtonImpl getImpl()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: AppCompatEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipTextResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColorStateList()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: android.view.Display getDisplay(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: android.widget.EdgeEffect create(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: int getAspectRatioY()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getProgress()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShadowPaddingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpl[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setGeneratedIdIfNeeded(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzzr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzzr[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpf[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setTargetElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeColor()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCloseIcon()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPaddingResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarForeground()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setImageUriAsync(android.net.Uri)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxHeight(int)
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.NaturalLanguageTranslateRegistrar: NaturalLanguageTranslateRegistrar()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLaidOut(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconMargin(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzel: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzel[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setDragged(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidth(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetTop(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: int getCircularRevealScrimColor()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: int getChangingConfigurations(android.content.res.TypedArray)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: android.graphics.RectF getCropWindowRect()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimationFromJson(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior()
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.AbstractSafeParcelable: AbstractSafeParcelable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat performReceiveContent(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.example.koreankeyboard.SplashScreenActivity: SplashScreenActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setTabSelected(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean hasExplicitFocusable(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabledResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzib: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzib[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLabelFor(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadius(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: int getRepeatMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setInterpolatedProgress(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode[] values()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getCardElevation()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions[] values()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setHorizontalPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setDefaultHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getItemSpacing()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension: com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView: MaterialTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getOptimizationLevel()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setElevation(float)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransition(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageAssetsFolder(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setPrecomputedText(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconActivated(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getCloseIconContentDescription()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setState(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour[] values()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification: com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: void setOnReceiveContentListener(android.view.View,java.lang.String[],androidx.core.view.OnReceiveContentListener)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String getSystemServiceName(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getStrokeWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconPadding(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTintResource(int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: int getImageResource()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: boolean getHideOnScroll()
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView: ClockHandView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createFromXmlInner(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsetsForType(int,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVerticalResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: java.util.List getCheckedChipIds()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.graphics.RectF getBoundsAsRectF()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineBegin(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.View getNavButtonView()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMinLines(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferenceTags(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getCheckedButtonId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextFuture(java.util.concurrent.Future)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver: AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: void setMaxInlineActionWidth(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setRevealInfo(com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: long getNanoTime()
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzcb[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setPerformanceTrackingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.Rect getWholeImageRect()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLines(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: android.graphics.Rect getClipBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconToUpdateDummyDrawable()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopEnd()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHintFromLayout()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.Rect getCropRect()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumHeight(int)
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: RecognitionProgressView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnAttachStateChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setShowProgressBar(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeWidth(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getPendingAction()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getSuffixTextView()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: FlowLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.internal.VisibilityAwareImageButton: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setOrientation(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setShowCropOverlay(boolean)
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable: CustomVersionedParcelable()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setDpMargin(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setCircularRevealScrimColor(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzgj: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzgj[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api15Impl: void getValueForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageLevel(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShrinkMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView getActionMenuView()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getCustomSize()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getCardViewRadius()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getEndIconContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getUpNestedPreScrollRange()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: ConstraintLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: CropImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.util.ArrayList getCurrentMenuItems()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getLastBaselineToBottomHeight()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean restoreDefaultFocus(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat: RemoteActionCompat()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzabn[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.CommonComponentRegistrar: CommonComponentRegistrar()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getSuffixText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatPressedTranslationZ()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(int)
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setBarMaxHeightsInDp(int[])
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel: LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getMaxCardElevation()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setCradleVerticalOffset(float)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzcd[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSize(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setConstraintSet(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: void setEmptyVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMaxProgress(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setScale(float)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getFabAlignmentMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setFlippedHorizontally(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabledResource(int)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType[] values()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setBackground(android.view.View,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setExpandedComponentIdHint(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: Guideline(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzkr[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLayoutDirection(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimationFromUrl(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColorResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpi: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzpi[] values()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextHeight()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setInitialCropWindowRect(android.graphics.Rect)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: android.graphics.Rect getInitialCropWindowRect()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getCheckedIconMargin()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForView(android.view.DragEvent,android.view.View,android.app.Activity)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getExtendMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeErrorColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float onPullDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getRadius()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getStartState()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevationResource(int)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackend create(com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.CreationContext)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getFabAnimationMode()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setCircularRevealScrimColor(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3)
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.internal.TranslateJni: java.lang.Exception newTranslateException(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setInitialAttributeValues(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageOptions)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getMinimumHeightForVisibleOverlappingContent()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocused(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelinePercent(float)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnCropImageCompleteListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnCropImageCompleteListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabTranslationY()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipMinHeight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getRootStableInsets()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVertical(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setLiftOnScrollTargetViewId(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setRotatedDegrees(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getElevation(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: AppCompatImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape getCropShape()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker: MaterialDatePicker()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getTotalScrollRange()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCloseIconClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearanceResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: com.airbnb.lottie.LottieComposition getComposition()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getFirstBaselineToTopHeight()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlz: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlz[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMaxFrame(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api15Impl: boolean hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLineHeight(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setAllowCollapse(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType[] values()
com.example.koreankeyboard.HowToUseActivity: HowToUseActivity()
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CustomKeyboardView: com.example.koreankeyboard.utils.KeyboardClass getKeyboard()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipIconSize()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeightResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior getBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconMode(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextMetricsParamsCompat(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getLeftInset()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: int hashCode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape getCropShape()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setAnimateShowBeforeLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getVisibleInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void registerIn(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float getDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: void requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPrefixTextColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableVertical(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setMaxZoom(int)
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setRecognitionListener(android.speech.RecognitionListener)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgu: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgu[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getHintTextColor()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFrame(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setGravity(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadiusResource(int)
com.example.koreankeyboard.AllDoneActivity: AllDoneActivity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View,java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: AppCompatButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: boolean isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter getOuterActionMenuPresenter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo getRevealInfo()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setSpeed(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadius(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setCropRect(android.graphics.Rect)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedPreScrollRange()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSize(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getPaddingWidth()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: boolean getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabledResource(int)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: android.app.AppOpsManager getSystemService(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setScaleX(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTint()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getVelocity()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getIcon()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzca: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzca[] values()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getMaxFrame()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleFragment getChimeraLifecycleFragmentImpl(com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleActivity)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
com.example.koreankeyboard.MainActivity: MainActivity()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgk: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgk[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.example.koreankeyboard.EnableKeyboardActivity: EnableKeyboardActivity()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier[] values()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getCradleVerticalOffset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCloseIconTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene getScene()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines getGuidelines()
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh: com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.zzh[] values()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api18Impl: void setAutoCancel(android.animation.ObjectAnimator,boolean)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setLineSpacing(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode: com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo getRevealInfo()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetBottom(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundColor()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setImportantForAutofill(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setTextColor(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.model.ModelValidator$ValidationResult$ErrorCode: com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.model.ModelValidator$ValidationResult$ErrorCode[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlr: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlr[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setElevation(android.view.View,float)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzgf: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzgf[] values()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: int getCircularRevealScrimColor()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBarTopEdgeTreatment getTopEdgeTreatment()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs$zzc: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzge$zzs$zzc[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTextInputAccessibilityDelegate(com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$AccessibilityDelegate)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardForegroundColor()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CustomKeyboardView: CustomKeyboardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api19Impl: void showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPadding(float)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setProgress(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimation(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzmh[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance getTextAppearance()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabAlignmentMode(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory getEdgeEffectFactory()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterTextColor()
okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTintResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getProgress()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.VirtualLayout: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.net.Uri getImageUri()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines getGuidelines()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setTitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat: IconCompat()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getDefaultHintTextColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
okhttp3.CipherSuite: okhttp3.CipherSuite valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setIds(java.lang.String)
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CandidateView: void setService(com.example.koreankeyboard.services.CustomInputMethodService)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup$OnCheckedChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconCheckable(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionListener(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionListener)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setCacheComposition(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void removeOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetBottom()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconStartPadding()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinHeight()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getBackgroundDrawable()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnCropWindowChangedListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetCropWindowChangeListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomEnd()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setEdgeEffectFactory(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaet: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaet[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: android.os.Bundle getTransitionState()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getRadius()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: CropOverlayView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
androidx.emoji2.text.ConcurrencyHelpers$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setColors(int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token: com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconHovered(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMinWidth()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.Rect getCloseIconTouchBoundsInt()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzir: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzir[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView: MaterialCalendarGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: int getCollapsedPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setRotationRadiusInDp(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzix: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzix[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.ViewParent getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: MaterialButtonToggleGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPadding(float)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior: BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior()
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getSizeDimension()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIconTint(int)
okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult: okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFontAssetDelegate(com.airbnb.lottie.FontAssetDelegate)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.PendingResult: PendingResult()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPlaceholderTextColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView: TimePickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShrinkMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzee: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzee[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzfl: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzfl[] values()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinFrame(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setHideOnScroll(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipIconTint()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: int getEmptyVisibility()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasTransientState(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setMultiTouchEnabled(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager: RecyclerView$LayoutManager()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setDelayedApplicationOfInitialState(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzky: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzky[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinFrame(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableHorizontal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPlaceholderText()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconPadding(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setSafeMode(boolean)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setCropShape(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: MaterialButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines[] values()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnSetImageUriCompleteListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetImageUriCompleteListener)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setScene(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setCropShape(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionDuration(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setCircleRadiusInDp(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(int)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: BasePendingResult()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.VisibilityAwareImageButton: int getUserSetVisibility()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHelperText()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: java.lang.String getImageAssetsFolder()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: CoreComponentFactory()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhd: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzhd[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidthResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setOnPressedChangeListenerInternal(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$OnPressedChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setComposition(com.airbnb.lottie.LottieComposition)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: TextInputLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.RectF getCloseIconTouchBounds()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService: JobInfoSchedulerService()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getBottomInset()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocusedResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.shape.MaterialShapeDrawable getBoxBackground()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(int)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat computeSystemWindowInsets(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.graphics.Rect)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getLiftOnScrollTargetViewId()
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater: MaterialComponentsViewInflater()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int generateViewId()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInternalBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setStartState(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void getCroppedImageAsync()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: java.lang.String getOpPackageName(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int[] getConstraintSetIds()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimation(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: int getRotatedDegrees()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaav: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaav[] values()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setSaveBitmapToInstanceState(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: boolean isConsumed()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getSubtitleTextView()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setLiftOnScroll(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isRound()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPreCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getStrokeColor()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.RectF getCropWindowRect()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterOverflowTextColor()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getStrokeWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setCircularRevealOverlayDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabCradleMargin()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtended(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: LottieAnimationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getTransitionName(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.timepicker.RadialViewGroup: RadialViewGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeColor(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForegroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: int getFrame()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHintCurrentCollapsedTextColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRadius(float)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setGroupDividerEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setItemSpacing(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZ()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBoxStrokeErrorColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CustomKeyboardView: android.inputmethodservice.Keyboard getKeyboard()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: java.lang.String getA11yClassName()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTint()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorCurrentTextColors()
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColorStateList()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColor(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getMinFrame()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void applyInsetTypes()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextAppearance(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getTargetPosition()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardForegroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: long getNanoTime()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzfv: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzfv[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconSize(int)
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation: SavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params getTextMetricsParamsCompat()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.Object requireViewById(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: java.lang.String[] getReceiveContentMimeTypes(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzko: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzko[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: MaterialToolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setAutofillHints(android.view.View,java.lang.String[])
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: long getTransitionTimeMs()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFailureListener(com.airbnb.lottie.LottieListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getPlaceholderTextAppearance()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getCheckedChipId()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getFirstVisibleChildIndex()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtendMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPrePaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setContentHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$TypeImpl30: int toPlatformType(int)
com.example.koreankeyboard.views.CandidateView: void setSuggestions(java.util.List)
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitComponentDiscoveryService: MlKitComponentDiscoveryService()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout getTextInputLayout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCheckMarkTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getEndIconMode()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconSize(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCradleMargin(float)
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatPressedTranslationZResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getCounterOverflowDescription()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacing(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedScrollRange()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.RemoteConfigRegistrar: RemoteConfigRegistrar()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getContentHeight()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatElevation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getLastVisibleChildIndex()
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt getEllipsize()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView: ChipTextInputComboView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShrinkMotionSpec()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: boolean isInLayout(android.view.View)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setRadius(float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension: com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgn: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgn[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOptimizationLevel(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setBackgroundTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCheckMarkTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.View keyboardNavigationClusterSearch(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getPrefixTextView()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconSizeResource(int)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzik: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzik[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconPressed(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SpinnerPopup getInternalPopup()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnSetCropOverlayReleasedListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetCropOverlayReleasedListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setApplyingOpacityToLayersEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: Chip(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setAutoZoomEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzwg: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzwg[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidthResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaea: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaea[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontal(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconStartPadding()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getExpandedComponentIdHint()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorTextCurrentColor()
com.google.mlkit.common.internal.MlKitInitProvider: MlKitInitProvider()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getPreventCornerOverlap()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzja: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzja[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLayoutDirectionResolved(android.view.View)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getCornerRadius()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgh: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzgh[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isConsumed()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: int hashCode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: TextInputEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzht: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzht[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaef: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzaef[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextEndPadding()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment: Fragment()
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer: ProcessLifecycleInitializer()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconEndPadding()
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: void setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: void setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView: ClockFaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageAssetDelegate(com.airbnb.lottie.ImageAssetDelegate)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlm: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzlm[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfl: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzfl[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzfq: com.google.android.gms.internal.clearcut.zzfq[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isFocusedByDefault(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.TranslatorImpl: void close()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setMargin(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackgroundInternal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: android.view.View getContent()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopStart()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setId(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransition(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene$Transition)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundMode(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipCount()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setAnimationMode(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior()
com.google.mlkit.nl.translate.Translator: void close()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode: okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzga: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_translate.zzga[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getStartIconContentDescription()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getTitleTextView()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCircularRevealOverlayDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPadding(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: int[] getReferencedIds()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatPressedTranslationZ(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconEndPadding()
com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode: com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode[] values()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery: TransportBackendDiscovery()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getLineSpacing()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCircularRevealOverlayDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getRippleColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
com.example.koreankeyboard.services.CustomInputMethodService: CustomInputMethodService()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setSnapRadius(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
com.github.zagum.speechrecognitionview.RecognitionProgressView: void setSpeechRecognizer(android.speech.SpeechRecognizer)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setProgress(float)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
okhttp3.CipherSuite: okhttp3.CipherSuite[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageActivity: CropImageActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setRenderMode(com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode)
com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.ModelType: com.google.mlkit.common.sdkinternal.ModelType[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: int checkOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setFixedAspectRatio(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconGravity()
com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzfy: com.google.android.gms.internal.mlkit_common.zzfy[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.util.List getCheckedButtonIds()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCollapseIcon()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeTextType()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxHeight()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: int getAspectRatioX()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: int getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCornerSize(float)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getCheckedIconSize()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
